# A Solution for Stakeholders

**Proposal**: Because many stakeholders are not tech-savvy enough to create and run a script as I have for the solution to this assessment, I would propose a solution that would allow them to use an interactive dashboard in the form of a web application. T    his user-friendly website would have stakeholders input their specific requests, such as which team they want to analyze, what side they want to inquire about, what specific map they would like to dive into, and more. 

This application could be implemented with web frameworks such as Flask, Django, Or Node.js for the backend, which would involve perhaps abstracting the ProcessGameState class into an API service, serving very specific requests and questions. Additionally, we could serve the data itself using a database such as MongoDB, a non-relational data store which would allow for an feasibly scalable database as more matches are played and more teams are entered into the data. Most importantly, however, the frontend would be built with a JavaScript framework such as React.js. This would allow for a more interactive and user-friendly experience for the stakeholders, which is the key to this project. We want to create an intuitive and organized layout for the dashboard, considering specific needs of the coaching staff. 

In the end, this project would ultimately take less than a week to implement, as the data, backend structure, and analysis scripts are essentially already in place. The most time-consuming part of this project would be the frontend, as it would require a lot of time to create a user-friendly and intuitive dashboard. However, this would be a very worthwhile investment, as it would allow for a much more user-friendly experience for the stakeholders, and would allow for a much more scalable and maintainable solution for the future.